---
title: Key Concepts
sidebar: 
  order: 1
  badge:
    text: "WIP"
    variant: caution
---

There are a few key concepts that are important to understand when working with Liquid Auth.
The main concepts are `Linking`, `Passkeys`, and `Peer-to-Peer`. 
See the full details in the [Architecture Reference](../../architecture).

## Linking

A link will authorize a remote client to access the service. This is done by generating a `RequestId` by the remote device and waiting
for a device to attest a Passkey. We recommend displaying a QR code with a [liquid deep-link]() to the user to scan with their device.

See how to implement Linking in the [Android]() and [Browser]() client documentation

## Passkeys

Passkeys are also known as FIDO2/WebAuthn [PublicKeyCredential](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PublicKeyCredential). 
This KeyPair is used to register or authenticate a user and is generated by an authenticator device.
Passkeys/Authenticators must also support the `Liquid Extension` which is used to attest a `KeyPair` not controlled by the authenticator.

## Peer-to-Peer

[WebRTC](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API) is used for establishing a peer-to-peer connection between two clients.

#### Offer

Session Description Protocol (SDP) message sent from the client to the server. The offer contains information about the client's media capabilities and information about the datachannel. 

#### Answer

Session Description Protocol (SDP) message sent back to a client who created the Offer.
An Answer client can then use this information to generate an answer, which is sent back to the offer client.

#### Candidate

ICE Candidate is a network address that can be used to communicate with the peer.
